fix(rdb): ssh bastion connection (#4874)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/databases/ssh-bastion-mdb.mdx

---
macro: ssh-bastion-mdb
---

<Message type="note">

> Managed MongoDB® is currently not compatible with the [Static NAT](/public-gateways/concepts/#nat) feature of [Scaleway Public Gateways](/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway). You can use Public Gateways in [SSH bastion](/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/) mode and perform port forwarding. Follow the steps below to connect using SSH bastion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed MongoDB® is currently not compatible with the [Static NAT](/public-gateways/concepts/#nat) feature of [Scaleway Public Gateways](/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway). Instead, you can use Public Gateways' [SSH bastion](/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/) feature and perform port forwarding. Follow the steps below to connect using SSH bastion.
```
